It is hikapi now
It's a little before good but we soon and for the rainy season is dawning now July
The sound of the 8 but I know before the time the city enter
I found something that was a shop that I was talking about
Clear Clear mind even in the rain
Though I'm guy called bulk This is in I'm seal of the stick in that umbrella
Vinyl is Sano
I had some kind to Well the other with anti-say type paste this picture to cormorants time
But
Because it is the instructions that I tried to buy this to try tooth
As a way of sealing when air storage becomes anxious when putting on bald
A little put a little kitchen detergent into the tail length spray
Inside the umbrella
It seems that the next will become better if I put it on a large part and then put a sticker on it
The umbrella but this is what you are using everyday
I think I want to put a little
I want to put a sticker on a flat surface and say a video
eh
tee
Nishinaka is this flat place like this
I'm at my home, so at this counter Sable
Let's install
Method
I see
Here
things like this
I How useless
In feeling
9 Do you sell street trees that you like to enter well ?
So why not
I wonder if seen this
Network ThatLookLikeThis
I bought about type to another maintenance
I wish I had it
This is something that has become a great Shoboshobo here
Well, it will be about summer when freedom will come to light , but at the same time the typhoon now
It is said that some may come here, but it is the taste of the taste from now on, but summer
Other than usual
There is a time when it will continue to rain, and there is a large bath umbrella.
I is that the Ru I go out just a little to buy in the fact that I think we will look forward to
Was
So what I introduced today is that even if it's raining, I will introduce stickers or sunny stickers that I put on umbrellas in the clear sky
We decided to
No